Add Glass to the Software Component Overview (#1106)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/controls-overviews/control-system-software.rst

Shuffleboard has the same features as SmartDashboard. It also improves on the setup and visualization of your data with new features and a modern design at the cost of being less resource efficient.  Additional documentation on Shuffleboard can be found :ref:`here <docs/software/wpilib-tools/shuffleboard/index:Shuffleboard>`.

Glass
^^^^^

.. image:: images/control-system-software/glass.png

> :ref:`Glass <docs/software/wpilib-tools/glass/index:Glass>` is a Dashboard focused on being a programmer's tool for debugging.  The primary advantage is the field view and pose visualization and advanced signal plotting tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`Glass <docs/software/wpilib-tools/glass/index:Glass>` is a Dashboard focused on being a programmer's tool for debugging.  The primary advantages are the field view, pose visualization and advanced signal plotting tools.
```
